# move2kube

Move2Kube API

- API version: v1.0.0

- Build date: 2023-10-17T12:21:13.081862Z[Etc/UTC]

This is a documentation of the Move2Kube REST API.
All API calls expect the `Authorization: Bearer <access-token>` HTTP header unless specified otherwise.
The access token can be obtained in the same way as OAuth 2.0 using the token endpoint in the admin section.



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*

## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>dev.parodos</groupId>
  <artifactId>move2kube</artifactId>
  <version>v2.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "dev.parodos:move2kube:v2.0.0"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

- `target/move2kube-v2.0.0.jar`
- `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

import dev.parodos.move2kube.*;
import dev.parodos.move2kube.auth.*;
import dev.parodos.move2kube.client.model.*;
import dev.parodos.move2kube.api.AdminApi;

public class AdminApiExample {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
        defaultClient.setBasePath("/api/v1");
        
        // Configure HTTP basic authorization: basicAuth
        HttpBasicAuth basicAuth = (HttpBasicAuth) defaultClient.getAuthentication("basicAuth");
        basicAuth.setUsername("YOUR USERNAME");
        basicAuth.setPassword("YOUR PASSWORD");

        AdminApi apiInstance = new AdminApi(defaultClient);
        String grantType = "client_credentials"; // String | 
        try {
            GetTokens200Response result = apiInstance.getTokens(grantType);
            System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
            System.err.println("Exception when calling AdminApi#getTokens");
            System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
            System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
            System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AdminApi* | [**getTokens**](docs/AdminApi.md#getTokens) | **POST** /token | Get an access token using client ID and client secret (for use with trusted clients).
*PlanApi* | [**deletePlan**](docs/PlanApi.md#deletePlan) | **DELETE** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/plan | Delete the current plan for the project.
*PlanApi* | [**getPlan**](docs/PlanApi.md#getPlan) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/plan | Get the plan file.
*PlanApi* | [**startPlanning**](docs/PlanApi.md#startPlanning) | **POST** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/plan | Start planning on this project&#39;s inputs.
*PlanApi* | [**updatePlan**](docs/PlanApi.md#updatePlan) | **PUT** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/plan | Update the plan for this project.
*ProjectInputsApi* | [**createProjectInput**](docs/ProjectInputsApi.md#createProjectInput) | **POST** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/inputs | Create a new input for this project. The ID will be generated by the server.
*ProjectInputsApi* | [**deleteProjectInput**](docs/ProjectInputsApi.md#deleteProjectInput) | **DELETE** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/inputs/{input-id} | Delete the input of the project.
*ProjectInputsApi* | [**getProjectInput**](docs/ProjectInputsApi.md#getProjectInput) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/inputs/{input-id} | Get the input of the project with the given ID.
*ProjectOutputGraphsApi* | [**getProjectOutputGraph**](docs/ProjectOutputGraphsApi.md#getProjectOutputGraph) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/outputs/{output-id}/graph | Get the graph of the transformers used while creating the output with the given ID.
*ProjectOutputsApi* | [**deleteProjectOutput**](docs/ProjectOutputsApi.md#deleteProjectOutput) | **DELETE** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/outputs/{output-id} | Delete the output of the project.
*ProjectOutputsApi* | [**getProjectOutput**](docs/ProjectOutputsApi.md#getProjectOutput) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/outputs/{output-id} | Get the output of the project with the given ID.
*ProjectOutputsApi* | [**startTransformation**](docs/ProjectOutputsApi.md#startTransformation) | **POST** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/outputs | Start transformation for this project. Planning must be completed before this.
*ProjectsApi* | [**createProject**](docs/ProjectsApi.md#createProject) | **POST** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects | Create a new project in this workspace. The ID will be generated by the server.
*ProjectsApi* | [**deleteProject**](docs/ProjectsApi.md#deleteProject) | **DELETE** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id} | Delete an existing workspace.
*ProjectsApi* | [**getProject**](docs/ProjectsApi.md#getProject) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id} | Get the project with the given ID.
*ProjectsApi* | [**getProjects**](docs/ProjectsApi.md#getProjects) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects | Get all the projects you have access to in this workspace.
*ProjectsApi* | [**updateProject**](docs/ProjectsApi.md#updateProject) | **PUT** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id} | Update a project. The project will be created if it doesn&#39;t exist.
*QaApi* | [**getCurrentQuestion**](docs/QaApi.md#getCurrentQuestion) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/outputs/{output-id}/problems/current | Get the current question that needs to be answered for the transformation to proceed.
*QaApi* | [**postAnswerToQuestion**](docs/QaApi.md#postAnswerToQuestion) | **POST** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/projects/{project-id}/outputs/{output-id}/problems/current/solution | Post the answer to the current question for an on-going transformation given by the ID.
*RoleBindingsApi* | [**addRoleToUser**](docs/RoleBindingsApi.md#addRoleToUser) | **PUT** /idps/{idp-id}/users/{user-id}/roles/{role-id} | Add a role to a user.
*RoleBindingsApi* | [**getRolesOfUser**](docs/RoleBindingsApi.md#getRolesOfUser) | **GET** /idps/{idp-id}/users/{user-id}/roles | Get all the roles for the given user.
*RoleBindingsApi* | [**removeRoleFromUser**](docs/RoleBindingsApi.md#removeRoleFromUser) | **DELETE** /idps/{idp-id}/users/{user-id}/roles/{role-id} | Remove a role from a user.
*RoleBindingsApi* | [**updateRolesOfUser**](docs/RoleBindingsApi.md#updateRolesOfUser) | **PATCH** /idps/{idp-id}/users/{user-id}/roles | Update the roles of the given user.
*RolesApi* | [**createRole**](docs/RolesApi.md#createRole) | **POST** /roles | Create a new role.
*RolesApi* | [**deleteRole**](docs/RolesApi.md#deleteRole) | **DELETE** /roles/{role-id} | Delete an existing role
*RolesApi* | [**getRole**](docs/RolesApi.md#getRole) | **GET** /roles/{role-id} | Get the role with the given ID.
*RolesApi* | [**getRoles**](docs/RolesApi.md#getRoles) | **GET** /roles | Get all the roles.
*RolesApi* | [**updateRole**](docs/RolesApi.md#updateRole) | **PUT** /roles/{role-id} | Update a role. The role will be created if it doesn&#39;t exist.
*SupportApi* | [**getSupportInfo**](docs/SupportApi.md#getSupportInfo) | **GET** /support | Returns some support information like CLI, API and UI version info.
*WorkspaceInputsApi* | [**createWorkspaceInput**](docs/WorkspaceInputsApi.md#createWorkspaceInput) | **POST** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/inputs | Create a new input for this workspace. All the projects in this workspace will be able to use it. The ID will be generated by the server.
*WorkspaceInputsApi* | [**deleteWorkspaceInput**](docs/WorkspaceInputsApi.md#deleteWorkspaceInput) | **DELETE** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/inputs/{input-id} | Delete the input of the project.
*WorkspaceInputsApi* | [**getWorkspaceInput**](docs/WorkspaceInputsApi.md#getWorkspaceInput) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id}/inputs/{input-id} | Get the input of the project with the given ID.
*WorkspacesApi* | [**createWorkspace**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#createWorkspace) | **POST** /workspaces | Create a new workspace. The ID will be generated by the server.
*WorkspacesApi* | [**deleteWorkspace**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#deleteWorkspace) | **DELETE** /workspaces/{workspace-id} | Delete an existing workspace.
*WorkspacesApi* | [**getWorkspace**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#getWorkspace) | **GET** /workspaces/{workspace-id} | Get the workspace with the given ID.
*WorkspacesApi* | [**getWorkspaces**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#getWorkspaces) | **GET** /workspaces | Get all the workspaces you have access to.
*WorkspacesApi* | [**updateWorkspace**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#updateWorkspace) | **PUT** /workspaces/{workspace-id} | Update a workspace. The workspace will be created if it doesn&#39;t exist.


## Documentation for Models

 - [CreateProject201Response](docs/CreateProject201Response.md)
 - [CreateProjectInput201Response](docs/CreateProjectInput201Response.md)
 - [CreateRole201Response](docs/CreateRole201Response.md)
 - [CreateWorkspace201Response](docs/CreateWorkspace201Response.md)
 - [CreateWorkspaceInput201Response](docs/CreateWorkspaceInput201Response.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ErrorError](docs/ErrorError.md)
 - [GetCurrentQuestion200Response](docs/GetCurrentQuestion200Response.md)
 - [GetPlan200Response](docs/GetPlan200Response.md)
 - [GetSupportInfo200Response](docs/GetSupportInfo200Response.md)
 - [GetTokens200Response](docs/GetTokens200Response.md)
 - [PostAnswerToQuestionRequest](docs/PostAnswerToQuestionRequest.md)
 - [Project](docs/Project.md)
 - [ProjectInputsValue](docs/ProjectInputsValue.md)
 - [ProjectOutputsValue](docs/ProjectOutputsValue.md)
 - [ProjectStatus](docs/ProjectStatus.md)
 - [Role](docs/Role.md)
 - [RoleRulesInner](docs/RoleRulesInner.md)
 - [StartTransformation202Response](docs/StartTransformation202Response.md)
 - [StartTransformationRequest](docs/StartTransformationRequest.md)
 - [UpdatePlanRequest](docs/UpdatePlanRequest.md)
 - [Workspace](docs/Workspace.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="basicAuth"></a>
### basicAuth


- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

<a id="bearerAuth"></a>
### bearerAuth


- **Type**: HTTP Bearer Token authentication


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author

move2kube-dev@googlegroups.com

